fix(installer): report missing Stellar CLI (#433)
NethermindEth/stellar-private-payments: README.md

verifies its checksum, installs `spp` to `~/.local/bin`, and provisions the runtime
data dir (circuits, policy proving keys, license/notice texts). Then run `spp --help`.

The [Stellar CLI](https://developers.stellar.org/docs/tools/cli/install-cli) is required

> by `spp onboard`. Install it separately with the official command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Stellar CLI](https://developers.stellar.org/docs/tools/cli/install-cli) is required. Install it separately with the official command:
```
We need the Stellar CLI for different ops, not just `onboard`.

Author: Updated the README and installer wording to describe Stellar CLI as a general `spp` requirement rather than limiting it to `spp onboard`.
